DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10007 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2882)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Using the Media plugin unexpectedly changed `<script>` tags in the editor body to `<image>` tags
// TINY-10007

> A regression was observed in {productname} version 5 that affected the behavior for the media plugin. The issue was identified from code responsible for handling script tags, even though it was no longer actively utilized.
> 
> As a consequence of the presence of this lingering code, scripts were inadvertently being converted into images, causing unexpected behavior for users.
> 
> Changes in {productname} 6.7 removed the redundant code entirely. As a result, the non-existing code no longer poses a risk of triggering the conversion of scripts into images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the {productname} 5.10 release, the `https://tiny.cloud/docs/plugins/opensource/media/#media_scripts)[media_scripts]` option was deprecated. And, as of the {productname} 6.0 release, this option was removed.

When the setting was available, it was used to allow some script tags, with specified source URLs, to have some of their properties edited in the https://tiny.cloud/docs/plugins/opensource/media/[*Media*] plugin’s dialog.

And, while the `media_scripts` option was removed, the logic that allowed the plugin to edit properties in some script tags was not.

As a consequence, a regression presented. When the xref:introduction-to-mediaembed.adoc/[*Enhanced Media Embed*] Premium plugin was loaded, the plugin converts all script tags into placeholder images.

For the {productname} 6.7 release the code that handled script tags was removed, which corrects this regression.

In {productname} 6.7, when the *Enhanced Media Embed* is loaded, script tags are treated as script tags, and are no longer converted into placeholder images.
```
Suggested edit.
